Hook for breakpoints (#1364)
cozy/cozy-ui: react/hooks/useBreakpoints/Readme.md

> You can use the `useBreakpoints` hook when you need access to whether

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `useBreakpoints` hook to know whether
```
